[STAGE 0]
(PAGE 1)
After a long war, Amalur's king was captured by Varsaroth's forces and imprisoned in his cursed dungeon. King Leo is the only hope against the enemy, and as a true soldier, it's your duty to rescue him from the monsters that live there and save Amalur's fate.

As soon as you take your first step into the dungeon, you feel a shiver running down your spine but you swallow hard and walk into the dark room...

[STAGE 1]
(PAGE 1)
— Those monsters! It's hard to believe such creatures exist in this world...

As if that's not enough, the path is uncertain and the doors won't open unless you defeat them all. Astonished, you begin to worry for King Leo's safety. As a strategist, there is no man better than him out there, but as a warrior...

(PAGE 2)
As you walk further inside the dungeon, you realize it's possible to adapt but there's a constant feeling of fright and nervousness.

You also got hand of a little piece of information from one of those monsters. Appareantly, it's about the origin of this cursed dungeon and... Varsaroth?!

[STAGE 2]
(PAGE 1)
"Year 254 of Laurean Era. As we finally achieved our goals..." — you start reading carefully the old piece of paper.
It says the original master of this dungeon was a king named Turen, and Varsaroth was actually one of his most cherished companions and advisors.

When Turen was betrayed and had his kingdom taken by Varsaroth, he swore to get his vengeance. Even imprisoned here, he was still able to cast the curse that rose the dead, waiting for the day he will be able to put his hands on him...

(PAGE 2)
Thoughts about the dungeon history keep your mind busy.

— Is it possible that Turen is still around? After more than a hundred years...

Then it occurres to you. How old was Varsaroth? Black magic is a frightening thing indeed. Thinking about how many evil things he'd done all this time— no, the things he would do to Amalur... ! In an anxious state, as if every second counts, you rush to the next floor.

[STAGE 3]
(PAGE 1)
After finding your king lying dead on the ground, every single piece of hope seems to have vanished away. The medallion in your hand, despite the warm glow it emanates, feels very cold and heavy. When you think of Amalur's fate and can't figure a way out, suddenly, as in response, you hear a deep and severe voice.

— Do you need a way out?

Your can hear the voice but you see no one. What is this? Could it be... Turen? In response to your silence, he continues.

— I heard it all from the old king lying there. We have a common enemy, don't we? I can offer you a way out if you take me with you, if you give me a chance to get my revenge. What do you say, lad?

(PAGE 2)
As the one hundred years voice sounds a bit suspicious, you're not sure whether this is the right choice but since there doesn't seem to be another way, you make it regardless.

— I'll do it! I'll take you with me!

The powerful sound of laughter that followed your words makes you shudder in fear, but you clench your teeth and hold it in. You already decided to use the medallion and Turen's power to save Amalur.
